[Lyft Logo](https://www.lyft.com/)

[DRIVER](https://www.lyft.com/driver)

[RIDER](https://www.lyft.com/rider)

[business](https://www.lyftbusiness.com/?&utm_medium=web&utm_source=headernav)

Lyft Privacy Policy
===================

_Last Updated: January 12, 2021_

At Lyft our mission is to improve people’s lives with the world’s best transportation, providing a platform to help you get from point A to point B. To do that, we need to collect, use, and share some of your personal information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand how Lyft does that and how to exercise the choices and rights you have in your information.

Lyft’s [privacy homepage](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home) provides additional information about our commitment to respecting your personal information, including ways for you to access and delete that information.

1.  [The Scope of This Policy](#privacy-scope-of-this-policy)
2.  [The Information We Collect](#privacy-the-information-we-collect)
3.  [How We Use Your Information](#privacy-how-we-use-your-information)
4.  [How We Share Your Information](#privacy-how-we-share-your-information)
5.  [How We Store and Protect Your Information](#privacy-how-we-store-and-protect-your-information)
6.  [Your Rights And Choices Regarding Your Data](#privacy-your-rights-and-choices-regarding-your-data)
7.  [Children’s Data](#privacy-childrens-data)
8.  [Links to Third-Party Websites](#privacy-links-to-third-party-websites)
9.  [Changes to This Privacy Policy](#privacy-changes-to-this-privacy-policy)
10.  [Contact Us](#privacy-contact-us)

[](#privacy)

The Scope of This Policy
------------------------

This policy applies to all Lyft users, including Riders and Drivers (including Driver applicants), and to all Lyft platforms and services, including our apps, websites, features, and other services (collectively, the “Lyft Platform”). Please remember that your use of the Lyft Platform is also subject to our [Terms of Service](https://www.lyft.com/terms).

The Information We Collect
--------------------------

When you use the Lyft Platform, we collect the information you provide, usage information, and information about your device. We also collect information about you from other sources like third-party services, and optional programs in which you participate, which we may combine with other information we have about you. Here are the types of information we collect about you:

### A. Information You Provide to Us

**Account Registration.** When you create an account with Lyft, we collect the information you provide us, such as your name, email address, phone number, birth date, and payment information. You may choose to share additional info with us for your Rider profile, like your photo or saved addresses (e.g., home or work), and set up other preferences (such as your preferred pronouns).

**Driver Information.** If you apply to be a Driver, we will collect the information you provide in your application, including your name, email address, phone number, birth date, profile photo, physical address, government identification number (such as social security number), driver’s license information, vehicle information, and car insurance information. We collect the payment information you provide us, including your bank routing numbers, and tax information. Depending on where you want to drive, we may also ask for additional business license or permit information or other information to manage driving and programs relevant to that location. We may need additional information from you at some point after you become a Driver, including information to confirm your identity (like a photo).

**Ratings and Feedback.** When you rate and provide feedback about Riders or Drivers, we collect all of the information you provide in your feedback.

**Communications.** When you contact us or we contact you, we collect any information that you provide, including the contents of the messages or attachments you send us.

### B. Information We Collect When You Use the Lyft Platform

**Location Information.** Great rides start with an easy and accurate pickup. The Lyft Platform collects location information (including GPS and WiFi data) differently depending on your Lyft app settings and device permissions as well as whether you are using the platform as a Rider or Driver:

*   Riders: We collect your device’s precise location when you open and use the Lyft app, including while the app is running in the background from the time you request a ride until it ends. Lyft also tracks the precise location of scooters and e-bikes at all times.
*   Drivers: We collect your device’s precise location when you open and use the app, including while the app is running in the background when it is in driver mode. We also collect precise location for a limited time after you exit driver mode in order to detect ride incidents, and continue collecting it until a reported or detected incident is no longer active.

**Usage Information.** We collect information about your use of the Lyft Platform, including ride information like the date, time, destination, distance, route, payment, and whether you used a promotional or referral code. We also collect information about your interactions with the Lyft Platform like our apps and websites, including the pages and content you view and the dates and times of your use.

**Device Information.** We collect information about the devices you use to access the Lyft Platform, including device model, IP address, type of browser, version of operating system, identity of carrier and manufacturer, radio type (such as 4G), preferences and settings (such as preferred language), application installations, device identifiers, advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens. If you are a Driver, we also collect mobile sensor data from your device (such as speed, direction, height, acceleration, deceleration, and other technical data).

**Communications Between Riders and Drivers.** We work with a third party to facilitate phone calls and text messages between Riders and Drivers without sharing either party’s actual phone number with the other. But while we use a third party to provide the communication service, we collect information about these communications, including the participants’ phone numbers, the date and time, and the contents of SMS messages. For security purposes, we may also monitor or record the contents of phone calls made through the Lyft Platform, but we will always let you know we are about to do so before the call begins.

**Address Book Contacts.** You may set your device permissions to grant Lyft access to your contact lists and direct Lyft to access your contact list, for example to help you refer friends to Lyft. If you do this, we will access and store the names and contact information of the people in your address book.

**Cookies, Analytics, and Third-Party Technologies.** We collect information through the use of “cookies”, tracking pixels, data analytics tools like [Google Analytics](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites), SDKs, and other third-party technologies to understand how you navigate through the Lyft Platform and interact with Lyft advertisements, to make your Lyft experience safer, to learn what content is popular, to improve your site experience, to serve you better ads on other sites, and to save your preferences. Cookies are small text files that web servers place on your device; they are designed to store basic information and to help websites and apps recognize your browser. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be accessed every time you use the Lyft Platform. You should consult your web browser(s) to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from us, you may miss out on certain features of the Lyft Platform.

### C. Information We Collect from Third Parties

**Third-Party Services.** Third-party services provide us with information needed for core aspects of the Lyft Platform, as well as for additional services, programs, loyalty benefits, and promotions that can enhance your Lyft experience. These third-party services include background check providers, insurance partners, financial service providers, marketing providers, and other businesses. We obtain the following information about you from these third-party services:

*   Information to make the Lyft Platform safer, like background check information for drivers;
*   Information about your participation in third-party programs that provide things like insurance coverage and financial instruments, such as insurance, payment, transaction, and fraud detection information;
*   Information to operationalize loyalty and promotional programs or applications, services, or features you choose to connect or link to your Lyft account, such as information about your use of such programs, applications, services, or features; and
*   Information about you provided by specific services, such as demographic and market segment information.

**Enterprise Programs.** If you use Lyft through your employer or other organization that participates in one of our Lyft Business enterprise programs, we will collect information about you from those parties, such as your name and contact information.

**Concierge Service.** Sometimes another business or entity may order you a Lyft ride. If an organization has ordered a ride for you using our Concierge service, they will provide us your contact information and the pickup and drop-off location of your ride.

**Referral Programs.** Friends help friends use the Lyft Platform. If someone refers you to Lyft, we will collect information about you from that referral including your name and contact information.

**Other Users and Sources.** Other users or public or third-party sources such as law enforcement, insurers, media, or pedestrians may provide us information about you, for example as part of an investigation into an incident or to provide you support.

How We Use Your Information
---------------------------

We use your personal information to:

*   Provide the Lyft Platform;
*   Maintain the security and safety of the Lyft Platform and its users;
*   Build and maintain the Lyft community;
*   Provide customer support;
*   Improve the Lyft Platform; and
*   Respond to legal proceedings and obligations.

**Providing the Lyft Platform.** We use your personal information to provide an intuitive, useful, efficient, and worthwhile experience on our platform. To do this, we use your personal information to:

*   Verify your identity and maintain your account, settings, and preferences;
*   Connect you to your rides and track their progress;
*   Calculate prices and process payments;
*   Allow Riders and Drivers to connect regarding their ride and to choose to share their location with others;
*   Communicate with you about your rides and experience;
*   Collect feedback regarding your experience;
*   Facilitate additional services and programs with third parties; and
*   Operate contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions.

**Maintaining the Security and Safety of the Lyft Platform and its Users.** Providing you a secure and safe experience drives our platform, both on the road and on our apps. To do this, we use your personal information to:

*   Authenticate users;
*   Verify that Drivers and their vehicles meet safety requirements;
*   Investigate and resolve incidents, accidents, and insurance claims;
*   Encourage safe driving behavior and avoid unsafe activities;
*   Find and prevent fraud; and
*   Block and remove unsafe or fraudulent users from the Lyft Platform.

**Building and Maintaining the Lyft Community.** Lyft works to be a positive part of the community. We use your personal information to:

*   Communicate with you about events, promotions, elections, and campaigns;
*   Personalize and provide content, experiences, communications, and advertising to promote and grow the Lyft Platform; and
*   Help facilitate donations you choose to make through the Lyft Platform.

**Providing Customer Support.** We work hard to provide the best experience possible, including supporting you when you need it. To do this, we use your personal information to:

*   Investigate and assist you in resolving questions or issues you have regarding the Lyft Platform; and
*   Provide you support or respond to you.

**Improving the Lyft Platform.** We are always working to improve your experience and provide you with new and helpful features. To do this, we use your personal information to:

*   Perform research, testing, and analysis;
*   Develop new products, features, partnerships, and services;
*   Prevent, find, and resolve software or hardware bugs and issues; and
*   Monitor and improve our operations and processes, including security practices, algorithms, and other modeling.

**Responding to Legal Proceedings and Requirements.** Sometimes the law, government entities, or other regulatory bodies impose demands and obligations on us with respect to the services we seek to provide. In such a circumstance, we may use your personal information to respond to those demands or obligations.

How We Share Your Information
-----------------------------

We do not sell your personal information. To make the Lyft Platform work, we may need to share your personal information with other users, third parties, and service providers. This section explains when and why we share your information.

### A. Sharing Between Lyft Users

**Riders and Drivers.**

_Rider information shared with Driver:_ Upon receiving a ride request, we share with the Driver the Rider’s pickup location, name, profile photo, rating, Rider statistics (like approximate number of rides and years as a Rider), and information the Rider includes in their Rider profile (like preferred pronouns). Upon pickup and during the ride, we share with the Driver the Rider’s destination and any additional stops the Rider inputs into the Lyft app. Once the ride is finished, we also eventually share the Rider’s rating and feedback with the Driver. (We remove the Rider’s identity associated with ratings and feedback when we share it with Drivers, but a Driver may be able to identify the Rider that provided the rating or feedback.)

_Driver information shared with Rider:_ Upon a Driver accepting a requested ride, we will share with the Rider the Driver’s name, profile photo, preferred pronouns, rating, real-time location, and the vehicle make, model, color, and license plate, as well as other information in the Driver’s Lyft profile, such as information Drivers choose to add (like country flag and why you drive) and Driver statistics (like approximate number of rides and years as a Driver).

Although we help Riders and Drivers communicate with one another to arrange a pickup, we do not share your actual phone number or other contact information with other users. If you report a lost or found item to us, we will seek to connect you with the relevant Rider or Driver, including sharing actual contact information with your consent.

**Shared Ride Riders.** When Riders use a Lyft Shared ride, we share each Rider’s name and profile picture to ensure safety. Riders may also see each other’s pickup and drop-off locations as part of knowing the route while sharing the ride.

**Rides Requested or Paid For by Others.** Some rides you take may be requested or paid for by others. If you take one of those rides using your Lyft Business Profile account, a code or coupon, a subsidized program (e.g., transit or government), or a corporate credit card linked to another account, or another user otherwise requests or pays for a ride for you, we may share some or all of your ride details with that other party, including the date, time, charge, rating given, region of trip, and pick up and drop off location of your ride.

**Referral Programs.** If you refer someone to the Lyft Platform, we will let them know that you generated the referral. If another user referred you, we may share information about your use of the Lyft Platform with that user. For example, a referral source may receive a bonus when you join the Lyft Platform or complete a certain number of rides and would receive such information.

### B. Sharing With Third-Party Service Providers for Business Purposes

Depending on whether you’re a Rider or a Driver, Lyft may share the following categories of your personal information for a business purpose (as we have done for the preceding 12 months) to provide you with a variety of the Lyft Platform’s features and services:

*   Personal identifiers, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, government identification number (such as social security number), driver’s license information, vehicle information, and car insurance information;
*   Financial information, such as bank routing numbers, tax information, and any other payment information you provide us;
*   Commercial information, such as ride information, Driver/Rider statistics and feedback, and Driver/Rider transaction history;
*   Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your IP address, type of browser, version of operating system, carrier and/or manufacturer, device identifiers, and mobile advertising identifiers; and
*   Location data.

We disclose those categories of personal information to service providers to fulfill the following business purposes:

*   Maintaining and servicing your Lyft account;
*   Processing or fulfilling rides;
*   Providing you customer service;
*   Processing Rider transactions;
*   Processing Driver applications and payments;
*   Verifying the identity of users;
*   Detecting and preventing fraud;
*   Processing insurance claims;
*   Providing Driver loyalty and promotional programs;
*   Providing marketing and advertising services to Lyft;
*   Providing financing;
*   Providing requested emergency services;
*   Providing analytics services to Lyft; and
*   Undertaking internal research to develop the Lyft Platform.

### C. For Legal Reasons and to Protect the Lyft Platform

We may share your personal information in response to a legal obligation, or if we have determined that sharing your personal information is reasonably necessary or appropriate to:

*   Comply with any applicable federal, state, or local law or regulation, civil, criminal or regulatory inquiry, investigation or legal process, or enforceable governmental request;
*   Respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena, summons, or court order);
*   Enforce our Terms of Service;
*   Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we reasonably and in good faith believe may violate federal, state, or local law; or
*   Exercise or defend legal claims, protect against harm to our rights, property, interests, or safety or the rights, property, interests, or safety of you, third parties, or the public as required or permitted by law.

### D. In Connection with Sale or Merger

We may share your personal information while negotiating or in relation to a change of corporate control such as a restructuring, merger, or sale of our assets.

### E. Upon Your Further Direction

With your permission or upon your direction, we may disclose your personal information to interact with a third party or for other purposes.

How We Store and Protect Your Information
-----------------------------------------

We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you and our other users the Lyft Platform. This means we keep your profile information for as long as you maintain an account. We retain transactional information such as rides and payments for at least seven years to ensure we can perform legitimate business functions, such as accounting for tax obligations. If you request account deletion, we will delete your information as set forth in the “Deleting Your Account” section below.

We take reasonable and appropriate measures designed to protect your personal information. But no security measures can be 100% effective, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information, including against unauthorized intrusions or acts by third parties.

Your Rights And Choices Regarding Your Data
-------------------------------------------

As explained more below and on our [privacy homepage](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home), Lyft provides ways for you to access and delete your personal information as well as exercise other data rights that give you certain control over your personal information.

### A. All Users

**Email Subscriptions.** You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or promotional emails by clicking unsubscribe in those messages. We will still send you transactional and relational emails about your use of the Lyft Platform.

**Text Messages.** You can opt out of receiving commercial or promotional text messages by texting the word END to 46080 from the mobile device receiving the messages. You may also opt out of receiving all texts from Lyft (including transactional or relational messages) by texting the word STOPALL to 46080 from the mobile device receiving the messages. Note that opting out of receiving all texts may impact your use of the Lyft Platform. Drivers can also opt out of driver-specific messages by texting STOP in response to a driver SMS. To re-enable texts you can text START in response to an unsubscribe confirmation SMS.

**Push Notifications.** You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your device settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact your use of the Lyft Platform (such as receiving a notification that your ride has arrived).

**Profile Information.** You can review and edit certain account information you have chosen to add to your profile by logging in to your account settings and profile.

**Location Information.** You can prevent your device from sharing location information through your device’s system settings. But if you do, this may impact Lyft’s ability to provide you our full range of features and services.

**Cookie Tracking.** You can modify your cookie settings on your browser, but if you delete or choose not to accept our cookies, you may be missing out on certain features of the Lyft Platform.

**Do Not Track.** Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not want them to track your online activities. The Lyft Platform does not currently support Do Not Track requests at this time.

**Deleting Your Account.** If you would like to delete your Lyft account, please visit our [privacy homepage](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home). In some cases, we will be unable to delete your account, such as if there is an issue with your account related to trust, safety, or fraud. When we delete your account, we may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. For example, we may retain your information to resolve open insurance claims, or we may be obligated to retain your information as part of an open legal claim. When we retain such data, we do so in ways designed to prevent its use for other purposes.

### B. California Residents

The California Consumer Privacy Act provides some California residents with the additional rights listed below. To exercise these rights see the “Exercising Your California Privacy Rights” section or visit our [privacy homepage](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home).

**Right to Know.** You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:

*   The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
*   The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
*   The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
*   The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
*   The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

**Right to Delete.** You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:

*   Complete your transaction;
*   Provide you a good or service;
*   Perform a contract between us and you;
*   Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
*   Fix our system in the case of a bug;
*   Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
*   Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
*   Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
*   Comply with a legal obligation; or
*   Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.

**Other Rights.** You can request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year. You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.

**Exercising Your California Privacy Rights.** To request access to or deletion of your personal information, or to exercise any other data rights under California law, please contact us using one of the following methods:

Website: You may visit our [privacy homepage](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home) to authenticate and exercise rights via our website.

Email webform: You may [write to us](https://help.lyft.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360002128894) to exercise rights.

To respond to some rights we will need to verify your request either by asking you to log in and authenticate your account or otherwise verify your identity by providing information about yourself or your account. Authorized agents can make a request on your behalf if you have given them legal power of attorney or we are provided proof of signed permission, verification of your identity, and confirmation that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.

**Response Timing and Format.** We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.

Children’s Data
---------------

Lyft is not directed to children, and we don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we find out that a child under 13 has given us personal information, we will take steps to delete that information. If you believe that a child under the age of 13 has given us personal information, please contact us at our [Help Center](https://help.lyft.com/hc).

Links to Third-Party Websites
-----------------------------

The Lyft Platform may contain links to third-party websites. Those websites may have privacy policies that differ from ours. We are not responsible for those websites, and we recommend that you review their policies. Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
------------------------------

We may update this policy from time to time as the Lyft Platform changes and privacy law evolves. If we update it, we will do so online, and if we make material changes, we will let you know through the Lyft Platform or by some other method of communication like email. When you use Lyft, you are agreeing to the most recent terms of this policy.

Contact Us
----------

If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy or anything in this policy, including if you need to access this policy in an alternative format, we encourage you to [contact us](https://help.lyft.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360002128894).

DRIVER
------

DRIVER
------

*   [Become a Driver](https://www.lyft.com/driver)
*   [Cities](https://www.lyft.com/driver/cities)
*   [Help](https://help.lyft.com/hc/categories/115002009967-Driving-with-Lyft)
*   [Safety](https://www.lyft.com/driver/safety)
*   [Express Drive](https://www.lyft.com/expressdrive)
*   [Application Requirements](https://www.lyft.com/driver-application-requirements)
*   [Insurance](https://www.lyft.com/driver/insurance)
*   [Earnings](https://www.lyft.com/driver/pay)
*   [Bonus](https://www.lyft.com/driver/bonus)
*   [Lyft Rewards](https://www.lyft.com/driver/rewards)
*   [Jobs](https://www.lyft.com/driving-jobs)
*   [Hub](https://www.lyft.com/hub)

RIDER
-----

RIDER
-----

*   [Get a ride](https://lyft.sng.link/Adnq0/l8f8?_dl=lyft%3A%2F%2F)
*   [Business Profile](https://www.lyft.com/rider/business)
*   [Cities](https://www.lyft.com/rider/cities)
*   [Help](https://help.lyft.com/hc/categories/115002006488-Riding-with-Lyft)
*   [Safety](https://www.lyft.com/rider/safety)
*   [Rewards](https://www.lyft.com/rider/rewards)
*   [Events](https://www.lyft.com/events)
*   [Fare Estimate](https://www.lyft.com/rider/fare-estimate)
*   [Airports](https://www.lyft.com/airports)
*   [Gift Cards](https://www.lyft.com/gift)
*   [Donate](https://www.lyft.com/donate)
*   [Blog](https://www.lyft.com/blog)

LYFT
----

LYFT
----

*   [LyftUp](https://www.lyft.com/lyftup/programs)
*   [Careers](https://www.lyft.com/careers)
*   [Business](https://www.lyftbusiness.com/)
*   [Self-Driving](https://www.lyft.com/self-driving-vehicles)
*   [Developers](https://www.lyft.com/developers)
*   [Bikes](https://www.lyft.com/bikes)
*   [Scooters](https://www.lyft.com/scooters)
*   [Rentals](https://www.lyft.com/rider/rentals)
*   [Press](https://www.lyft.com/press)
*   [Investor Relations](https://investor.lyft.com/)

[Lyft driver app](https://www.lyft.com/app?type=driver)

[Lyft rider app](https://lyft.sng.link/Adnq0/l8f8?_dl=lyft%3A%2F%2F)

[Ride on web](https://ride.lyft.com/?entrypoint=lyftcom)

*   [Terms](https://www.lyft.com/terms)
*   [Privacy](https://www.lyft.com/privacy)
*   © 2021 Lyft, Inc.
*   CPUC ID No. TCP0032513-P

{"props":{"pageProps":{"query":{},"user":{},"path":"/privacy","locale":"en-US","termsData":{"html":"\\n \\u003carticle role=\\"main\\" id=\\"privacy\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003cheader\\u003e\\n \\u003ch1\\u003e\\n Lyft Privacy Policy\\n \\u003c/h1\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\u003cem\\u003eLast Updated: January 12, 2021\\u003c/em\\u003e\\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n At Lyft our mission is to improve people\\u0026#x2019;s lives with the world\\u0026#x2019;s best transportation, providing a\\n platform to help you\\n get from point A to point B. To do that, we need to collect, use, and share some of your personal\\n information. This\\n Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand how Lyft does that and how to exercise the choices and\\n rights you have in\\n your information.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n Lyft\\u0026#x2019;s \\u003ca href=\\"https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home\\"\\u003eprivacy homepage\\u003c/a\\u003e provides additional information\\n about our\\n commitment to respecting your personal information, including ways for you to access and delete that\\n information.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/header\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-table-of-contents\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003col class=\\"table-of-contents\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-scope-of-this-policy\\"\\u003eThe Scope of This Policy\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli classname=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-the-information-we-collect\\"\\u003eThe Information We Collect\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-how-we-use-your-information\\"\\u003eHow We Use Your Information\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-how-we-share-your-information\\"\\u003eHow We Share Your Information\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-how-we-store-and-protect-your-information\\"\\u003eHow We Store and Protect Your\\n Information\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-your-rights-and-choices-regarding-your-data\\"\\u003eYour Rights And Choices Regarding\\n Your Data\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-childrens-data\\"\\u003eChildren\\u0026#x2019;s Data\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-links-to-third-party-websites\\"\\u003eLinks to Third-Party Websites\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-changes-to-this-privacy-policy\\"\\u003eChanges to This Privacy Policy\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli class=\\"table-of-contents-link\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ca href=\\"#privacy-contact-us\\"\\u003eContact Us\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ol\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003ca id=\\"back-to-top\\" href=\\"#privacy\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ci class=\\"arrow\\"\\u003e\\u003c/i\\u003e\\n \\u003ci class=\\"line\\"\\u003e\\u003c/i\\u003e\\n \\u003c/a\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-scope-of-this-policy\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eThe Scope of This Policy\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n This policy applies to all Lyft users, including Riders and Drivers (including Driver applicants), and\\n to all Lyft\\n platforms and services, including our apps, websites, features, and other services (collectively, the\\n \\u0026#x201C;Lyft Platform\\u0026#x201D;).\\n Please remember that your use of the Lyft Platform is also subject to our\\n \\u003ca href=\\"https://www.lyft.com/terms\\"\\u003eTerms of Service\\u003c/a\\u003e.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-the-information-we-collect\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eThe Information We Collect\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n When you use the Lyft Platform, we collect the information you provide, usage information, and\\n information about your device. We also collect information about you from other sources like third-party\\n services, and optional programs in which you participate, which we may combine with other information we\\n have about you. Here are the types of information we collect about you:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-information-you-provide-to-us\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eA. Information You Provide to Us\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eAccount Registration.\\u003c/strong\\u003e When you create an account with Lyft, we collect the\\n information you provide us,\\n such as your name, email address, phone number, birth date, and payment information. You may choose\\n to share additional\\n info with us for your Rider profile, like your photo or saved addresses (e.g., home or work), and\\n set up other\\n preferences (such as your preferred pronouns).\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eDriver Information.\\u003c/strong\\u003e If you apply to be a Driver, we will collect the information\\n you provide in your\\n application, including your name, email address, phone number, birth date, profile photo, physical\\n address, government\\n identification number (such as social security number), driver\\u0026#x2019;s license information, vehicle\\n information, and car\\n insurance information. We collect the payment information you provide us, including your bank\\n routing numbers, and tax information. Depending on where you want to drive, we may also ask for\\n additional business license or permit information or other information to manage driving and\\n programs relevant to that location. We may need additional information from you at some point after\\n you become a Driver, including information to confirm your identity (like a photo).\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eRatings and Feedback.\\u003c/strong\\u003e When you rate and provide feedback about Riders or Drivers,\\n we collect all of the\\n information you provide in your feedback.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eCommunications.\\u003c/strong\\u003e When you contact us or we contact you, we collect any information\\n that you provide,\\n including the contents of the messages or attachments you send us.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-information-we-collect-when-you-use-the-lyft-platform\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eB. Information We Collect When You Use the Lyft Platform\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eLocation Information.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Great rides start with an easy and accurate pickup. The Lyft\\n Platform collects\\n location information (including GPS and WiFi data) differently depending on your Lyft app settings\\n and device\\n permissions as well as whether you are using the platform as a Rider or Driver:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Riders: We collect your device\\u0026#x2019;s precise location when you open and use the Lyft app, including\\n while the app is running\\n in the background from the time you request a ride until it ends. Lyft also tracks the precise\\n location of scooters and\\n e-bikes at all times.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Drivers: We collect your device\\u0026#x2019;s precise location when you open and use the app, including\\n while the app is running in\\n the background when it is in driver mode. We also collect precise location for a limited time\\n after you exit driver mode\\n in order to detect ride incidents, and continue collecting it until a reported or detected\\n incident is no longer active.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eUsage Information.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We collect information about your use of the Lyft Platform,\\n including ride\\n information like the date, time, destination, distance, route, payment, and whether you used a\\n promotional or referral\\n code. We also collect information about your interactions with the Lyft Platform like our apps and\\n websites, including\\n the pages and content you view and the dates and times of your use.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eDevice Information.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We collect information about the devices you use to access the\\n Lyft Platform,\\n including device model, IP address, type of browser, version of operating system, identity of\\n carrier and manufacturer,\\n radio type (such as 4G), preferences and settings (such as preferred language), application\\n installations, device\\n identifiers, advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens. If you are a Driver, we also\\n collect mobile sensor\\n data from your device (such as speed, direction, height, acceleration, deceleration, and other\\n technical data).\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eCommunications Between Riders and Drivers.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We work with a third party to facilitate\\n phone calls and\\n text messages between Riders and Drivers without sharing either party\\u0026#x2019;s actual phone number with the\\n other. But while we\\n use a third party to provide the communication service, we collect information about these\\n communications, including the\\n participants\\u0026#x2019; phone numbers, the date and time, and the contents of SMS messages. For security\\n purposes, we may also\\n monitor or record the contents of phone calls made through the Lyft Platform, but we will always let\\n you know we are\\n about to do so before the call begins.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eAddress Book Contacts.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You may set your device permissions to grant Lyft access to\\n your contact lists\\n and direct Lyft to access your contact list, for example to help you refer friends to Lyft. If you\\n do this, we will\\n access and store the names and contact information of the people in your address book.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eCookies, Analytics, and Third-Party Technologies.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We collect information through\\n the use of \\u0026#x201C;cookies\\u0026#x201D;,\\n tracking pixels, data analytics tools like \\u003ca href=\\"https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites\\"\\u003eGoogle\\n Analytics\\u003c/a\\u003e, SDKs, and other third-party technologies to understand how you navigate through\\n the Lyft Platform and\\n interact with Lyft advertisements, to make your Lyft experience safer, to learn what content is\\n popular, to improve your\\n site experience, to serve you better ads on other sites, and to save your preferences. Cookies are\\n small text files that\\n web servers place on your device; they are designed to store basic information and to help websites\\n and apps recognize\\n your browser. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears\\n after you close your\\n browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be accessed every time you\\n use the Lyft\\n Platform. You should consult your web browser(s) to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if\\n you delete or\\n choose not to accept cookies from us, you may miss out on certain features of the Lyft Platform.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-information-we-collect-from-third-parties\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eC. Information We Collect from Third Parties\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eThird-Party Services.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Third-party services provide us with\\n information needed for core aspects of the Lyft Platform, as well as for additional services,\\n programs, loyalty benefits, and promotions that can enhance your Lyft experience. These third-party\\n services include background check providers, insurance partners, financial service providers,\\n marketing providers, and other businesses. We obtain the following information about you from these\\n third-party services:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Information to make the Lyft Platform safer, like background check information for drivers;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Information about your participation in third-party programs that provide things like insurance\\n coverage and financial\\n instruments, such as insurance, payment, transaction, and fraud detection information;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Information to operationalize loyalty and promotional programs or applications, services, or\\n features you choose to connect or link to your Lyft account, such as information about your use\\n of such programs, applications, services, or features; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Information about you provided by specific services, such as demographic and market segment\\n information.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eEnterprise Programs.\\u003c/strong\\u003e If you use Lyft through your employer or other organization\\n that participates in\\n one of our Lyft Business enterprise programs, we will collect information about you from those\\n parties, such as your\\n name and contact information.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eConcierge Service.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Sometimes another business or entity may order you a Lyft ride.\\n If an organization\\n has ordered a ride for you using our Concierge service, they will provide us your contact\\n information and the pickup and\\n drop-off location of your ride.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eReferral Programs.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Friends help friends use the Lyft Platform. If someone refers\\n you to Lyft, we will\\n collect information about you from that referral including your name and contact information.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eOther Users and Sources.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Other users or public or third-party sources such as law\\n enforcement,\\n insurers, media, or pedestrians may provide us information about you, for example as part of an\\n investigation into an\\n incident or to provide you support.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-how-we-use-your-information\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eHow We Use Your Information\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We use your personal information to:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Provide the Lyft Platform;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Maintain the security and safety of the Lyft Platform and its users;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Build and maintain the Lyft community;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Provide customer support;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Improve the Lyft Platform; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Respond to legal proceedings and obligations.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eProviding the Lyft Platform.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We use your personal information to provide an intuitive,\\n useful,\\n efficient, and worthwhile experience on our platform. To do this, we use your personal information to:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Verify your identity and maintain your account, settings, and preferences;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Connect you to your rides and track their progress;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Calculate prices and process payments;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Allow Riders and Drivers to connect regarding their ride and to choose to share their location with\\n others;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Communicate with you about your rides and experience;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Collect feedback regarding your experience;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Facilitate additional services and programs with third parties; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Operate contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eMaintaining the Security and Safety of the Lyft Platform and its Users.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Providing you a\\n secure and safe\\n experience drives our platform, both on the road and on our apps. To do this, we use your personal\\n information to:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Authenticate users;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Verify that Drivers and their vehicles meet safety requirements;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Investigate and resolve incidents, accidents, and insurance claims;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Encourage safe driving behavior and avoid unsafe activities;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Find and prevent fraud; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Block and remove unsafe or fraudulent users from the Lyft Platform.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eBuilding and Maintaining the Lyft Community.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Lyft works to be a positive part of the\\n community. We use your personal information to:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Communicate with you about events, promotions, elections, and campaigns;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Personalize and provide content, experiences, communications, and advertising to promote and grow\\n the Lyft Platform; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Help facilitate donations you choose to make through the Lyft Platform.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eProviding Customer Support.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We work hard to provide the best experience possible,\\n including supporting\\n you when you need it. To do this, we use your personal information to:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Investigate and assist you in resolving questions or issues you have regarding the Lyft Platform;\\n and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Provide you support or respond to you.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eImproving the Lyft Platform.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We are always working to improve your experience and\\n provide you with new\\n and helpful features. To do this, we use your personal information to:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Perform research, testing, and analysis;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Develop new products, features, partnerships, and services;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Prevent, find, and resolve software or hardware bugs and issues; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Monitor and improve our operations and processes, including security practices, algorithms, and\\n other modeling.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eResponding to Legal Proceedings and Requirements.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Sometimes the law, government\\n entities, or other\\n regulatory bodies impose demands and obligations on us with respect to the services we seek to provide.\\n In such a\\n circumstance, we may use your personal information to respond to those demands or obligations.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-how-we-share-your-information\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eHow We Share Your Information\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We do not sell your personal information. To make the Lyft Platform work, we may need to share your\\n personal information\\n with other users, third parties, and service providers. This section explains when and why we share your\\n information.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-sharing-between-users\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eA. Sharing Between Lyft Users\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\u003cstrong\\u003eRiders and Drivers.\\u003c/strong\\u003e\\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cem\\u003eRider information shared with Driver:\\u003c/em\\u003e Upon receiving a ride request, we share with the\\n Driver the Rider\\u0026#x2019;s\\n pickup location, name, profile photo, rating, Rider statistics (like approximate number of rides and\\n years as a Rider),\\n and information the Rider includes in their Rider profile (like preferred pronouns). Upon pickup and\\n during the ride, we\\n share with the Driver the Rider\\u0026#x2019;s destination and any additional stops the Rider inputs into the\\n Lyft app. Once the ride\\n is finished, we also eventually share the Rider\\u0026#x2019;s rating and feedback with the Driver. (We remove\\n the Rider\\u0026#x2019;s identity\\n associated with ratings and feedback when we share it with Drivers, but a Driver may be able to\\n identify the Rider that\\n provided the rating or feedback.)\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cem\\u003eDriver information shared with Rider:\\u003c/em\\u003e Upon a Driver accepting a requested ride, we will\\n share with the Rider\\n the Driver\\u0026#x2019;s name, profile photo, preferred pronouns, rating, real-time location, and the vehicle\\n make, model, color,\\n and license plate, as well as other information in the Driver\\u0026#x2019;s Lyft profile, such as information\\n Drivers choose to add\\n (like country flag and why you drive) and Driver statistics (like approximate number of rides and\\n years as a Driver).\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n Although we help Riders and Drivers communicate with one another to arrange a pickup, we do not\\n share your actual phone\\n number or other contact information with other users. If you report a lost or found item to us, we\\n will seek to connect\\n you with the relevant Rider or Driver, including sharing actual contact information with your\\n consent.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eShared Ride Riders.\\u003c/strong\\u003e When Riders use a Lyft Shared ride, we share each Rider\\u0026#x2019;s name\\n and profile picture\\n to ensure safety. Riders may also see each other\\u0026#x2019;s pickup and drop-off locations as part of knowing\\n the route while\\n sharing the ride.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eRides Requested or Paid For by Others.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Some rides you take may be requested or paid\\n for by others. If you take one of those rides using your Lyft Business Profile account, a code or\\n coupon, a subsidized program (e.g., transit or government), or a corporate credit card linked to\\n another account, or another user otherwise requests or pays for a ride for you, we may share some or\\n all of your ride details with that other party, including the date, time, charge, rating given,\\n region of trip, and pick up and drop off location of your ride.\\n\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eReferral Programs.\\u003c/strong\\u003e If you refer someone to the Lyft Platform, we will let them know\\n that you generated\\n the referral. If another user referred you, we may share information about your use of the Lyft\\n Platform with that user.\\n For example, a referral source may receive a bonus when you join the Lyft Platform or complete a\\n certain number of rides\\n and would receive such information.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-Sharing-with-third-party-service-providers-for-business-purposes\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eB. Sharing With Third-Party Service Providers for Business Purposes\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n Depending on whether you\\u0026#x2019;re a Rider or a Driver, Lyft may share the following categories of your\\n personal information\\n for a business purpose (as we have done for the preceding 12 months) to provide you with a variety\\n of the Lyft\\n Platform\\u0026#x2019;s features and services:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Personal identifiers, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth,\\n government identification number (such as social security number), driver\\u0026#x2019;s license information,\\n vehicle information, and car insurance information;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Financial information, such as bank routing numbers, tax information, and any other payment\\n information you provide us;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Commercial information, such as ride information, Driver/Rider statistics and feedback, and\\n Driver/Rider transaction\\n history;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your IP address, type of\\n browser, version of\\n operating system, carrier and/or manufacturer, device identifiers, and mobile advertising\\n identifiers; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Location data.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We disclose those categories of personal information to service providers to fulfill the following\\n business purposes:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Maintaining and servicing your Lyft account;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Processing or fulfilling rides;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Providing you customer service;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Processing Rider transactions;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Processing Driver applications and payments;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Verifying the identity of users;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Detecting and preventing fraud;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Processing insurance claims;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Providing Driver loyalty and promotional programs;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Providing marketing and advertising services to Lyft;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Providing financing;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Providing requested emergency services;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Providing analytics services to Lyft; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Undertaking internal research to develop the Lyft Platform.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-for-legal-reasons-and-to-protect-the-lyft-platform\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eC. For Legal Reasons and to Protect the Lyft Platform\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We may share your personal information in response to a legal obligation, or if we have determined\\n that sharing your\\n personal information is reasonably necessary or appropriate to:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Comply with any applicable federal, state, or local law or regulation, civil, criminal or\\n regulatory inquiry,\\n investigation or legal process, or enforceable governmental request;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena, summons, or court order);\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Enforce our Terms of Service;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we reasonably and in\\n good faith believe may\\n violate federal, state, or local law; or\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Exercise or defend legal claims, protect against harm to our rights, property, interests, or\\n safety or the rights, property, interests, or safety of you, third parties, or the public as\\n required or permitted by law.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-in-connection-with-sale-or-merger\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eD. In Connection with Sale or Merger\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We may share your personal information while negotiating or in relation to a change of corporate\\n control such as a\\n restructuring, merger, or sale of our assets.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-upon-rour-further-direction\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eE. Upon Your Further Direction\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n With your permission or upon your direction, we may disclose your personal information to interact\\n with a third party or\\n for other purposes.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-how-we-store-and-protect-your-information\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eHow We Store and Protect Your Information\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you and our other users the Lyft\\n Platform. This means we\\n keep your profile information for as long as you maintain an account. We retain transactional\\n information such as rides\\n and payments for at least seven years to ensure we can perform legitimate business functions, such as\\n accounting for tax\\n obligations. If you request account deletion, we will delete your information as set forth in the\\n \\u0026#x201C;Deleting Your\\n Account\\u0026#x201D; section below.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We take reasonable and appropriate measures designed to protect your personal information. But no\\n security measures can\\n be 100% effective, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information, including against\\n unauthorized intrusions\\n or acts by third parties.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-your-rights-and-choices-regarding-your-data\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eYour Rights And Choices Regarding Your Data\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n As explained more below and on our \\u003ca href=\\"https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home\\"\\u003eprivacy homepage\\u003c/a\\u003e,\\n Lyft provides ways\\n for you to access and delete your personal information as well as exercise other data rights that give\\n you certain\\n control over your personal information.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003csection\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eA. All Users\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eEmail Subscriptions.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or promotional\\n emails by clicking\\n unsubscribe in those messages. We will still send you transactional and relational emails about your\\n use of the Lyft\\n Platform.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eText Messages.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You can opt out of receiving commercial or promotional text messages\\n by texting the word\\n END to 46080 from the mobile device receiving the messages. You may also opt out of receiving all\\n texts from Lyft\\n (including transactional or relational messages) by texting the word STOPALL to 46080 from the\\n mobile device receiving\\n the messages. Note that opting out of receiving all texts may impact your use of the Lyft Platform.\\n Drivers can also opt\\n out of driver-specific messages by texting STOP in response to a driver SMS. To re-enable texts you\\n can text START in\\n response to an unsubscribe confirmation SMS.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003ePush Notifications.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your\\n device settings.\\n Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact your use of the Lyft Platform\\n (such as receiving\\n a notification that your ride has arrived).\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eProfile Information.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You can review and edit certain account information you have\\n chosen to add to your\\n profile by logging in to your account settings and profile.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eLocation Information.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You can prevent your device from sharing location information\\n through your\\n device\\u0026#x2019;s system settings. But if you do, this may impact Lyft\\u0026#x2019;s ability to provide you our full\\n range of features and\\n services.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eCookie Tracking.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You can modify your cookie settings on your browser, but if you\\n delete or choose not\\n to accept our cookies, you may be missing out on certain features of the Lyft Platform.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eDo Not Track.\\u003c/strong\\u003e Your browser may offer you a \\u0026#x201C;Do Not Track\\u0026#x201D; option, which allows you\\n to signal to\\n operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not want them to track your\\n online activities. The\\n Lyft Platform does not currently support Do Not Track requests at this time.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eDeleting Your Account.\\u003c/strong\\u003e If you would like to delete your Lyft account, please visit\\n our\\n \\u003ca href=\\"https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home\\"\\u003eprivacy homepage\\u003c/a\\u003e. In some cases, we will be unable\\n to delete your account, such as\\n if there is an issue with your account related to trust, safety, or fraud. When we delete your\\n account, we may retain\\n certain information for legitimate business purposes or to comply with legal or regulatory\\n obligations. For example, we\\n may retain your information to resolve open insurance claims, or we may be obligated to retain your\\n information as part\\n of an open legal claim. When we retain such data, we do so in ways designed to prevent its use for\\n other purposes.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-california-residents\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch3\\u003eB. California Residents\\u003c/h3\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n The California Consumer Privacy Act provides some California residents with the additional rights\\n listed below. To\\n exercise these rights see the \\u0026#x201C;Exercising Your California Privacy Rights\\u0026#x201D; section or visit our\\n \\u003ca href=\\"https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home\\"\\u003eprivacy homepage\\u003c/a\\u003e.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eRight to Know.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about\\n you over the past\\n 12 months, including:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n The categories of personal information we have collected about you;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eRight to Delete.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You have the right to request that we delete the personal\\n information we have\\n collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of\\n exceptions, however, that\\n include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any\\n of the following:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cul\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Complete your transaction;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Provide you a good or service;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Perform a contract between us and you;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Fix our system in the case of a bug;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code \\u0026#xA7; 1546 et\\n seq.);\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public\\n interests that adheres\\n to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Comply with a legal obligation; or\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003cli\\u003e\\n Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in\\n which you provided it.\\n \\u003c/li\\u003e\\n \\u003c/ul\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eOther Rights.\\u003c/strong\\u003e You can request certain information about our disclosure of personal\\n information to third\\n parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is\\n free and may be made\\n once a year. You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the\\n rights listed above.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eExercising Your California Privacy Rights.\\u003c/strong\\u003e To request access to or deletion of your\\n personal\\n information, or to exercise any other data rights under California law, please contact us using one\\n of the following\\n methods:\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cu\\u003eWebsite\\u003c/u\\u003e: You may visit our \\u003ca href=\\"https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home\\"\\u003eprivacy homepage\\u003c/a\\u003e\\n to authenticate and\\n exercise rights via our website.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cu\\u003eEmail webform\\u003c/u\\u003e: You may \\u003ca href=\\"https://help.lyft.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket\_form\_id=360002128894\\"\\u003e\\n write to us\\u003c/a\\u003e to exercise rights.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n To respond to some rights we will need to verify your\\n request either by asking you to log in and authenticate your account or otherwise verify your\\n identity by providing information about yourself or your account. Authorized agents can make a\\n request on your behalf if you have given them legal power of attorney or we are provided\\n proof of signed permission, verification of your identity, and confirmation that you provided the\\n agent permission to submit the request.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n \\u003cstrong\\u003eResponse Timing and Format.\\u003c/strong\\u003e We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or\\n deletion within 45\\n days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and\\n extension period in\\n writing.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-childrens-data\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eChildren\\u0026#x2019;s Data\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n Lyft is not directed to children, and we don\\u0026#x2019;t knowingly collect personal information from children\\n under the age of 13.\\n If we find out that a child under 13 has given us personal information, we will take steps to delete\\n that information.\\n If you believe that a child under the age of 13 has given us personal information, please contact us at\\n our\\n \\u003ca href=\\"https://help.lyft.com/hc\\"\\u003eHelp Center\\u003c/a\\u003e.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-links-to-third-party-websites\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eLinks to Third-Party Websites\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n The Lyft Platform may contain links to third-party websites. Those websites may have privacy policies\\n that differ from\\n ours. We are not responsible for those websites, and we recommend that you review their policies. Please\\n contact those\\n websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-changes-to-this-privacy-policy\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eChanges to This Privacy Policy\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n We may update this policy from time to time as the Lyft Platform changes and privacy law evolves. If we\\n update it, we\\n will do so online, and if we make material changes, we will let you know through the Lyft Platform or by\\n some other\\n method of communication like email. When you use Lyft, you are agreeing to the most recent terms of this\\n policy.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003csection id=\\"privacy-contact-us\\"\\u003e\\n \\u003ch2\\u003eContact Us\\u003c/h2\\u003e\\n \\u003cp\\u003e\\n If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy or anything in this policy, including if you\\n need to access\\n this policy in an alternative format, we encourage you to\\n \\u003ca href=\\"https://help.lyft.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket\_form\_id=360002128894\\"\\u003econtact us\\u003c/a\\u003e.\\n \\u003c/p\\u003e\\n \\u003c/section\\u003e\\n\\n \\u003c/article\\u003e\\n","title":"Lyft Privacy Policy"}},"cmsData":{"footer":{"items":{"driverColumn":{"items":\[{"text":"Become a Driver","href":"/driver"},{"text":"Cities","href":"/driver/cities"},{"text":"Help","href":"https://help.lyft.com/hc/categories/115002009967-Driving-with-Lyft"},{"text":"Safety","href":"/driver/safety"},{"text":"Express Drive","href":"/expressdrive"},{"text":"Application Requirements","href":"/driver-application-requirements"},{"text":"Insurance","href":"/driver/insurance"},{"text":"Earnings","href":"/driver/pay"},{"text":"Bonus","href":"/driver/bonus"},{"text":"Lyft Rewards","href":"/driver/rewards"},{"text":"Jobs","href":"/driving-jobs"},{"text":"Hub","href":"/hub"}\],"heading":"DRIVER"},"riderColumn":{"items":\[{"key":"signUpToRide","text":"Sign up to ride","href":"/rider"},{"text":"Business Profile","href":"/rider/business"},{"text":"Cities","href":"/rider/cities"},{"text":"Help","href":"https://help.lyft.com/hc/categories/115002006488-Riding-with-Lyft"},{"text":"Safety","href":"/rider/safety"},{"text":"Rewards","href":"/rider/rewards"},{"text":"Events","href":"/events"},{"text":"Fare Estimate","href":"/rider/fare-estimate"},{"text":"Airports","href":"/airports"},{"text":"Gift Cards","href":"/gift"},{"text":"Donate","href":"/donate"},{"text":"Blog","href":"/blog"}\],"heading":"RIDER"},"lyftColumn":{"items":\[{"text":"LyftUp","href":"/lyftup/programs"},{"text":"Careers","href":"/careers"},{"text":"Business","href":"https://www.lyftbusiness.com/"},{"text":"Self-Driving","href":"/self-driving-vehicles"},{"text":"Developers","href":"/developers"},{"text":"Bikes","href":"/bikes"},{"text":"Scooters","href":"/scooters"},{"text":"Rentals","href":"/rider/rentals"},{"text":"Press","href":"/press"},{"text":"Investor Relations","href":"https://investor.lyft.com"}\],"heading":"LYFT"},"downloadColumn":"DOWNLOAD","bottomLinks":{"items":\[{"text":"Terms","href":"/terms"},{"text":"Privacy","href":"/privacy"}\]},"copyright":"© 2021 Lyft, Inc.","cpucPermit":"CPUC ID No. TCP0032513-P","appDownloadColumn":{"items":{"driverAppDownload":"Lyft driver app","riderAppDownload":"Lyft rider app","rideOnWeb":{"text":"Ride on web","href":"https://ride.lyft.com/?entrypoint=lyftcom"},"riderWebAppDownload":{"text":"Lyft rider app","href":"https://lyft.sng.link/Adnq0/l8f8?\_dl=lyft%3A%2F%2F"}},"heading":"DOWNLOAD"},"getRide":{"text":"Get a ride","href":"https://lyft.sng.link/Adnq0/l8f8?\_dl=lyft%3A%2F%2F"},"socialTitles":{"items":{"facebook":"Link to Lyft's Facebook page","twitter":"Link to Lyft's Twitter page","instagram":"Link to Lyft's Instagram page"}}}},"header":{"items":{"loginButtonData":{"items":{"login":{"text":"LOG IN","href":"/login"},"currentUserLogin":{"text":"!(icon:Avatar)","href":"/login/jump?skipDriverApplicant=true"},"logout":{"text":"LOG OUT","href":"/logout"}}},"driver":{"items":\[{"text":"Overview","href":"/driver"},{"text":"Why Lyft","href":"/driver/why-drive-with-lyft"},{"text":"Cities","href":"/driver/cities"},{"text":"Help","href":"https://help.lyft.com/hc/categories/115002009967-Driving-with-Lyft"}\],"heading":"DRIVER"},"rider":{"items":\[{"text":"Overview","href":"/rider"},{"text":"Cities","href":"/rider/cities"},{"text":"For Business","href":"/rider/business"},{"text":"Help","href":"https://help.lyft.com/hc/categories/115002006488-Riding-with-Lyft"}\],"heading":"RIDER"},"ctaButtonData":{"items":{"resumeApplication":{"text":"My Application","href":"/drivers/apply/resume"},"dashboard":{"text":"Dashboard","href":"/login/jump?skipDriverApplicant=true"},"applyToDrive":{"text":"Become a driver","href":"/drive-with-lyft"},"downloadApp":{"text":"Download the app","href":"/app "},"downloadAppDriver":{"text":"Download the app","href":"/app?type=driver"},"getRide":{"text":"Get a ride","href":"https://lyft.sng.link/Adnq0/l8f8?\_dl=lyft%3A%2F%2F"}}},"business":{"items":{"link":{"text":"business","href":"https://www.lyftbusiness.com/?\\u0026utm\_medium=web\\u0026utm\_source=headernav"}}},"signup":{"items":{"signupToRide":{"text":"Sign up to ride","href":"/rider/signup"},"applyToDrive":{"text":"Apply to drive","href":"/drive-with-lyft"}},"heading":"SIGN UP"},"logoTitle":"Lyft Logo","accessibilityOverrides":{"items":{"logo":"Home link","hamburgerMenu":"Open mobile navigation menu","closeMobileNav":"Close mobile navigation menu"}}}},"notFound":{"items":{"title":"Ooops...","subtitle":"Sorry, we can't find that page","returnText":"Back","imageAltText":"Lost car driving in circles around a tree"}},"appStoreBadge":{"items":{"apple":{"name":"Apple App Store","image":{"title":"Download on the App Store","description":"","file":{"url":"//images.ctfassets.net/oqn5qhpsy9i3/N4a5Co3EacOoa8wEkWqKK/6e5473e99e0f5a687cd9d60ac12777d4/Download\_on\_the\_App\_Store\_Badge\_US-UK\_RGB\_blk\_092917.svg","details":{"size":10804,"image":{"width":119,"height":40}},"fileName":"Download\_on\_the\_App\_Store\_Badge\_US-UK\_RGB\_blk\_092917.svg","contentType":"image/svg+xml"}}},"google":{"name":"Google Play Store","image":{"title":"Get it on Google Play","file":{"url":"//images.ctfassets.net/oqn5qhpsy9i3/hTf4CaMwGkUUKiEiSCSW8/c2a35ec61e7cb74e8d5a3a8603b3f6fe/google-play-badge.png","details":{"size":17906,"image":{"width":564,"height":168}},"fileName":"google-play-badge.png","contentType":"image/png"}}},"microsoft":{"name":"Microsoft App Store","image":{"title":"Get it from Microsoft","file":{"url":"//images.ctfassets.net/oqn5qhpsy9i3/6o3hbR4s9OQk2KCcu8OOSM/a19cad9b2c8e6eaf899461ad2c874383/English\_get\_it\_from\_MS\_864X312.svg","details":{"size":7310,"image":{"width":864,"height":312}},"fileName":"English\_get it from MS\_864X312.svg","contentType":"image/svg+xml"}}},"amazon":{"name":"Amazon App Store","image":{"title":"Available at Amazon Appstore","file":{"url":"//images.ctfassets.net/oqn5qhpsy9i3/3PtXvtLJ20eY0iuc6eg2q8/d18b0b9da70a3a34d0f3b5999991d929/amazon-appstore-badge-english-black.png","details":{"size":7968,"image":{"width":572,"height":168}},"fileName":"amazon-appstore-badge-english-black.png","contentType":"image/png"}}},"webclient":"Get lyft in your browser"}},"fareEstimate":{"items":{"errorMessages":{"items":{"noRegionSlug":"Could not extract regionSlug from response","invalidCoordinates":"Could not validate coordinates. Check start \\u0026 end lat/lng in react state of FareEstimate component","notAvailable":"Sorry! Fare estimate for this region is not available at this time.","attemptSubmitFailedHeader":"There are currently no rides for this route","attemptSubmitFailedText":"Lyft may not be available in this area. ","learnMore":{"text":"Learn more about recent changes.","href":"https://www.lyft.com/rider/californiaupdate"},"californiaShutdownEnabled":{}}},"copy":{"items":{"termsOfService":"Terms of Service","legalCopy":"Sample fares are estimates only and do not reflect variations due to discounts, traffic delays or other factors. Actual fares may vary. You agree to pay the fare shown upon confirming your ride request. If your route or destination changes on trip, your fare may change based on the rates above and other applicable taxes, tolls, charges and adjustments. Subject to Lyft’s {terms}.","fareStartPlaceholder":"Enter pick-up location","fareEndPlaceholder":"Enter drop-off location","buttonText":"GET ESTIMATE"},"heading":"Fare Estimate"},"resultsTableCopy":{"items":{"minutesAbbrv":"min","hoursAbbrv":"hrs","hourAbbrv":"hr","more":"More","lyft":"Personal ride","lyft\_line":"Shared ride","lyft\_plus":"Supersized ride","lyft\_premier":"High-end ride","lyft\_lux":"Luxury ride","lyft\_luxsuv":"Spacious luxury ride"},"heading":"RIDE TYPES"}}}},"\_\_N\_SSP":true},"page":"/privacy","query":{},"buildId":"cI72o697HnKnCWtc\_qzyT","assetPrefix":"https://cdn.lyft.com/lyftcomfe","runtimeConfig":{"LYFT\_COM\_URL":"https://www.lyft.com","APPLICATION\_ENV":"production","CREDENTIALS\_FRONTEND\_GOOGLE\_MAPS\_KEY":"AIzaSyDPep2eaoYb0\_oVXH\_LsY8\_gVU1kQoNWuw","SERVICE\_NAME":"lyftcomfe"},"isFallback":false,"gssp":true,"customServer":true,"appGip":true,"head":\[\["meta",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width"}\],\["meta",{"charSet":"utf-8"}\],\["script",{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"\_\_html":"\\n (function(w,d,s,l,i){w\[l\]=w\[l\]||\[\];w\[l\].push({'gtm.start':\\n new Date().getTime(),event:'gtm.js'});var f=d.getElementsByTagName(s)\[0\],\\n j=d.createElement(s),dl=l!='dataLayer'?'\\u0026l='+l:'';j.async=true;j.src=\\n 'https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtm.js?id='+i+dl;f.parentNode.insertBefore(j,f);\\n })(window,document,'script','dataLayer','GTM-KFP6QF');\\n "}}\],\["script",{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"\_\_html":"\\n if (window.performance) {\\n function measure(name) {\\n var href = window.location.href || '';\\n var path = window.location.pathname || '';\\n var trackUrl = 'https://www.lyft.com/api/track';\\n var tE = window.performance.timing;\\n var wl = \[\\n 'event\_name','sending\_service','connection\_end','connection\_start','dom\_complete',\\n 'dom\_content\_loaded\_event\_end','dom\_content\_loaded\_event\_start','dom\_interactive',\\n 'dom\_loading','domain\_lookup\_end','domain\_lookup\_start','fetch\_start','load\_event\_end',\\n 'load\_event\_start','navigation\_start','redirect\_end','redirect\_start','request\_start',\\n 'response\_end','response\_start','secure\_connection\_start','unload\_event\_end',\\n 'unload\_event\_start','connect\_start','connect\_end','ms\_first\_paint','source','uri\_path',\\n 'request\_end','code','track\_id', 'uri\_href'\\n \];\\n if (!tE.navigationStart) return;\\n var cTS = function(str) { return str.replace(/(\[A-Z\])/g, function($1) {return '\_' + $1.toLowerCase();}); };\\n var sE = { event\_name: 'navigation\_timing\_absolute', uri\_href: href, uri\_path: path, sending\_service: 'lyftcomfe', source: 'lyftcomfe' };\\n for (var eN in tE) {\\n var sEN = cTS(eN);\\n if (wl.indexOf(sEN) \\u003e= 0) { sE\[sEN\] = tE\[eN\]; }\\n }\\n\\n var data = new Blob( \[JSON.stringify(sE)\], {type: 'text/plain'});\\n\\n if (navigator.sendBeacon) {\\n navigator.sendBeacon(trackUrl, data);\\n } else {\\n var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();\\n xhr.open('POST', url, false);\\n xhr.setRequestHeader('Content-Type', 'application/json');\\n xhr.send(data);\\n }\\n\\n window.onbeforeunload = function() {}\\n }\\n window.onload = function() { measure('load'); }\\n window.onbeforeunload = function() { measure('unload'); }\\n }\\n "}}\],\["link",{"href":"https://cdn.lyft.net/coreui/base.css","rel":"stylesheet"}\],\["title",{"children":"Lyft Privacy Policy"}\],\["link",{"property":"og:image","content":"https://s3.amazonaws.com/lyft-assets/web/lyft-convenience-illo-1200x627.png"}\],\["link",{"property":"og:image:width","content":"1200"}\],\["link",{"property":"og:image:height","content":"627"}\],\["link",{"property":"og:description","content":"Rideshare with Lyft. Lyft is your friend with a car, whenever you need one. Download the app, and get a ride from a friendly driver within minutes."}\],\["link",{"property":"description","content":"Rideshare with Lyft. Lyft is your friend with a car, whenever you need one. Download the app, and get a ride from a friendly driver within minutes."}\],\["link",{"property":"og:title","content":"Lyft Privacy Policy"}\],\["link",{"rel":"canonical","href":"https://www.lyft.com"}\]\]}