Inspire Energy Privacy Policy
=============================

### Last Updated: 11/10/20

Inspire Energy Holdings, LLC, Inspire Digital Services USA, LLC, and their affiliates (“**Inspire**,” “**we**,” “**our**,” and/or “**us**”) value the privacy of individuals who use our websites, mobile applications, and services (collectively, our “**Services**”). This privacy policy (the “**Privacy Policy**”) explains how we collect, use, and share information from users of our Services (“**Users**”). By using or accessing our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our [Terms of Service](https://www.helloinspire.com/policies/terms-of-use/) (https://www.inspirecleanenergy.com/policies/terms-of-use/).

Click on the links below to jump to each section:

1.  [Information We Collect](#info_we_collect)
2.  [How We Use the Information We Collect](#how_we_use_the_info)
3.  [How we share information we collect](#how_we_share)
4.  [Your Choices](#your_choices)
5.  [Third Parties](#third_parties)
6.  [Security](#security)
7.  [Children’s Privacy](#childrens_privacy)
8.  [International Visitors](#international_visitors)
9.  [Changes to Our Privacy Policy](#changes_to_policy)
10.  [Contact Information](#contact_info)

1\. Information We Collect
--------------------------

We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.

### 1.1 Information You Provide to Us

**Registration and Profile Information** When you register to use our Services, we ask you for your first and last name, address, phone number, email address, information about your home or business, utility account, and other information. We also may ask you to submit the last four digits of your Social Security Number. Please note that this information may be transmitted to us if you enter it into our online form for checking and customizing plans, even if you do not proceed to complete the registration process.

**Utility Account Information** We may ask you to provide the account credentials, such as username and password, that you use to log in to your existing utility provider. We may do so by presenting you with a log-in interface like your existing utility provider’s interface. We use those credentials to, among other things, collect your historical energy usage and billing information from your utility provider’s system, to collect usage information going forward, and to pay your utility provider on your behalf.

**Communications** When you communicate with us, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you communicate with our Customer Support Team, we may receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. We may record or monitor calls for training and quality assurance purposes. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.

**Payment Information** When you choose to make a payment to us through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected and stored by our third party payment processor on our behalf.

**Products You Purchase** We receive information about our products that you purchase through our Services.

**Careers** If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. You may also apply through LinkedIn. If you do so, we will collect the information you make available to us on LinkedIn.

### 1.2 Information We Collect When You Use Our Services

**Device Information** We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens.

**Location Information** We infer your general location information, for example by using your internet protocol (IP) address.

**Smart Device Information** We receive user data collected or generated by your use of any third-party application, program and/or device that you connect to our Services (“Smart Device”). These Smart Devices may include smart lightbulbs, such as those made by Sengled, smart thermostats, such as those made by Ecobee and Nest, smart cameras, smart locks, and smart doorbells. The Smart Devices typically have features that collect and store data about you and your use of that Smart Device (“Smart Device Information”). When you choose to integrate a Smart Device with the Services, the Smart Device will provide us with access to some or all of your Smart Device Information, such as the Smart Device name or identifier, Smart Device usage information and usage history, photos and/or videos captured by the Smart Device, energy consumption history, location, device state, user controls and actions, weather, and temperature settings. For example, if you connect your home security Smart Device, we collect device and usage history, such as the dates and times your alarms were turned on and off, information about when your doors and windows were opened/closed, and video footage from the security camera. Depending on the Smart Device, you may be able to control the Smart Device Information we collect through the Smart Device settings. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Services, including tracking your energy usage to provide smarter energy consumption by building a profile of your routines and preferences so that we may provide you with recommendations on decreasing or shifting your energy consumption and using your Smart Devices more efficiently. We may also use this information for our internal analytics and research purposes, such as improving our forecasting models for electricity usage and operating and improving the Service. You should review information from the Smart Devices, including their privacy policies and terms of use, prior to using them or allowing them access to any information about you. These Smart Devices are not sold, designed or manufactured by Inspire, and Inspire does not warrant and is not responsible for the quality, use or operation of the Smart Devices. Your use of the Smart Devices is governed by separate terms of use and privacy policies by the Smart Device providers.

**Usage Information** To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, the actions you take on our website or in our mobile application, or your energy consumption.

**Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies** We and third party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Our third party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services.

Please review your web browser’s documentation to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies or similar technologies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.

### 1.3 Information We Receive from Third Parties

**Utility Provider** With your consent, we may ask your utility provider to release certain information that we need to provide services to you, such as your address, phone number, account number, future and historical energy consumption, meter readings, payment history, billing determinates, rate classifications, and peak electricity demand. We may also collect information that is available by logging into your utility provider’s web site using your credentials (see also “Utility Account Information” above). We use this information to provide our Services to you, to calculate and analyze aggregate energy consumption metrics, to track and improve our products and Services, to connect you with providers in your area, to share and display third party offers that may be of interest to you, and otherwise product you Services. With your consent, we may also change your utility provider account settings to send your customer communications directly to us so that we may manage payment and other account matters on your behalf and display the communications to you in your Inspire account interface.

**Third-Party Databases** We collect information from private and governmental third-party data sources, such as the United States Environmental Protection Agency, real estate listings, and city property databases. This information may relate to your city or community generally, or to your property specifically. For example, we may collect information about historical energy consumption on your property or in your area as well as and characteristics about your home and property that is publicly available through services like Zillow. We use this information to better understand your energy usage and offer insights into how you can reduce your consumption or change your consumption to reduce your environmental impact.

**Third Party Services** We may receive additional information about you from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you. If you choose to link our Services to a third party account, we may receive information about you, including your profile information and your photo, and your use of the third party account. For example, we may obtain information when you log in through a third-party social network or authentication service, such as Facebook or Google. Similarly, when you interact with us through a social media site or third-party service, such as when you like, follow or share our content on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram or other sites, we may receive information from the social network. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third party accounts to learn about your options.

2\. How We Use the Information We Collect
-----------------------------------------

Please review your web browser’s documentation to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies or similar technologies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.

### 1.3 Information We Receive from Third Parties

**Utility Provider** With your consent, we may ask your utility provider to release certain information that we need to provide services to you, such as your address, phone number, account number, future and historical energy consumption, meter readings, payment history, billing determinates, rate classifications, and peak electricity demand. We may also collect information that is available by logging into your utility provider’s web site using your credentials (see also “Utility Account Information” above). We use this information to provide our Services to you, to calculate and analyze aggregate energy consumption metrics, to track and improve our products and Services, to connect you with providers in your area, to share and display third party offers that may be of interest to you, and otherwise product you Services. With your consent, we may also change your utility provider account settings to send your customer communications directly to us so that we may manage payment and other account matters on your behalf and display the communications to you in your Inspire account interface.

**Third-Party Databases** We collect information from private and governmental third-party data sources, such as the United States Environmental Protection Agency, real estate listings, and city property databases. This information may relate to your city or community generally, or to your property specifically. For example, we may collect information about historical energy consumption on your property or in your area as well as and characteristics about your home and property that is publicly available through services like Zillow. We use this information to better understand your energy usage and offer insights into how you can reduce your consumption or change your consumption to reduce your environmental impact.

**Third Party Services** We may receive additional information about you from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you. If you choose to link our Services to a third party account, we may receive information about you, including your profile information and your photo, and your use of the third party account. For example, we may obtain information when you log in through a third-party social network or authentication service, such as Facebook or Google. Similarly, when you interact with us through a social media site or third-party service, such as when you like, follow or share our content on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram or other sites, we may receive information from the social network. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third party accounts to learn about your options.

2\. How We Use the Information We Collect
-----------------------------------------

We use the information we collect:

*   To provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;
*   To provide you feedback and recommendations to decrease your energy consumption;
*   To personalize your experience on our Services such as by providing tailored content and recommendations;
*   To understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
*   To communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
*   To facilitate the connection of third party services or applications, such as address lookup services, payment services, utility account portals, social networks, services for energy consumption analysis and recommendations;
*   For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you;
*   To generate anonymized, aggregate data containing only de-identified, non-personal information that we may use to publish reports;
*   To send you email, text messages, and push notifications;
*   To facilitate transactions and payments;
*   To de-identify and aggregate information collected through our Services and use it for our business purposes;
*   To find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
*   For compliance purposes, including enforcing our [Terms of Use](https://www.helloinspire.com/policies/terms-of-use/) (https://www.inspirecleanenergy.com/policies/terms-of-use/). or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
*   For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.

3\. How we share information we collect
---------------------------------------

We may share or otherwise disclose information we collect from or about you as described below or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection.

**Corporate Affiliates** We may share any information we receive with our corporate affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

**Third Party Clean Energy Providers** We may share information we receive with third party clean energy providers or brokers that we use to supplement our own clean energy service.

**Vendors, Consultants, and Service Providers** We may share any information we receive with vendors, consultants, and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services. For example, they may facilitate transactions and serve targeted advertisements. They may also provide demand response programs to determine how we can make adjustments to your Smart Devices, energy efficiency programs to determine how we can help you to reduce your energy consumption, content or service fulfillment. We may also share your information with service providers we use to collect information from your utility provider and to pay your utility bill.

**Other Users** We may share any information we receive with other users of the Service. For example, if you authorize another user to share access to your account information (for example, a spouse or other individual who lives in your household), the authorized user will have access to all of the information in your account.

**Marketing** We may share information we receive with third-party affiliates or partners who may have offers or services you may be interested in.

**The Public** When you provide feedback or user content on our Services, we may share your information with the public. For example, if you post user content on our blog or comment on our social media sites, your information, such as your first name, last initial, state of residence, and your comments, may be displayed on our website or on our social media pages.

**Third Party App Integrations** If you connect a third party application to our Services, we may share information with that third party.

**Social Networks and Other Online Services** Our Services allow you to, upon your direction, share information with social networking services, such as Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. You understand and agree that the use of your information by any social networking websites will be governed by the privacy policies of these third party platforms and your settings on that platform. We encourage you to review their privacy policies.

**Analytics Partners** We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. You can learn more about Google’s practices by visiting [https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view and the dates and times of your visits.

**Advertising Partners** We may work with third party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ([https://optout.networkadvertising.org](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/)) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ([https://optout.aboutads.info](https://optout.aboutads.info/)). If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving personalized ads from member companies. You can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps.

**Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers** We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.

**As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures** We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.

**Consent** We may also disclose your information with your permission.

4\. Your choices
----------------

**Account Information and Settings** You may update your account information and email communication preferences at any time by emailing us at [help@inspirecleanenergy.com](mailto:help@inspirecleanenergy.com)

**Commercial and Marketing Communications** You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us. With your consent, we may contact you by phone at the number you provide with promotions, special offers and other information. If you no longer wish to receive phone calls, please contact us at [help@inspirecleanenergy.com](mailto:help@inspirecleanenergy.com)

**Device and Location Information** You may control the Services’ access to your device information through your device’s operating system settings. For instance, you can withdraw permission for the app to access your location, device storage, and camera.

**Marketing Communications** You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.

5\. Third Parties
-----------------

Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.

6\. Security
------------

We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, as no electronic transmission or storage of information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.

7\. Children’s Privacy
----------------------

We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at [help@inspirecleanenergy.com](mailto:help@inspirecleanenergy.com)

8\. International Visitors
--------------------------

Our Services are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.

9\. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
---------------------------------

Our Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time. We will post any adjustments to our Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective as of the last updated date. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share information from or about you or your devices previously collected from you through our Services, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the changes by sending a notice to the primary email address provided to us and/or by placing a notice on our Services.

10\. Contact Information
------------------------

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at [help@inspirecleanenergy.com](mailto:help@inspirecleanenergy.com)